---
title: IT Blog 1
layout: post
author: freddie.till-hosier
permalink: /it-blog-1/
source-id: 17UULvGDcWug1PCymp6sJpJFWOZEYE6cXdlLPpjfZlrw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My 1st I.T. Review Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>25/04/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>There is no starting point.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get as half way through the first part of Code Academy.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes I got halfway through the work.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson we began by deleting our repositories and setting up our knew one. To do this we needed to make sure we read and understood the document we were given; so we could follow the instructions set. Once we had done this we moved on to the main part of        this lesson which concluded of listening to our teacher telling us what we were going to use to practise a new type of coding. This was actually python which is a very popular type of code and used by a significant amount of companies to create websites; we used Code Academy which gave a step by step way of learning Python which gradually became more difficult. It then allowed us to have a go and gave us more chances if you got it wrong to re-go.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson I felt that when I was completing the task that I did not completely know what I was doing and why it was working well for me. This meant I was not completely sure what I had got correct from the last part the session and if I got another question like it I may not get the answer on the first occasion.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To improve for the next lesson I am going to make sure I read everything written on the page and then have a think before I answer the question so if I am given the similar question again I will hopefully have more chance of answering correctly than I would have done before.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


