---
title: IT Blog 4
layout: post
author: freddie.till-hosier
permalink: /it-blog-4-:-code-academy/
source-id: 1AALl2esjAxJJjoy_o7G3Y_KBQ2J5_EE8KS0b0LbJMZo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My 4th I.T. Review Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16/05/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To have got halfway through section four.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete section four before moving on to section five: To Be and/ or Not to Be.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I completed my target.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I needed to make sure I understood what was happening as there were a lot of operators used called Boolean and then compare them to the statements given to see if they are correct. This started off not being to difficult and it was about learning the basics , how to answer, controls. But afterwards they would become increasingly more challenging allowing you to have to think about what you were doing and persevere if something went wrong .</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My limited by the amount of time I had cutting my amount of coding I was able to complete and move on to. I need to work on concentrating more which means that I am able to then work more speedily and tackle more questions in the time I have.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To improve my work in IT, indepence is what I am going to use. This is because I feel that I can ask too many questions ,when some may be appropriate, but others I could work out for myself if I just thought a little and tried something out to see if it works and then if not I can go by the basis that I will need to think of something else that answers their question.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


