---
title: IT Blog 7
layout: post
author: freddie.till-hosier
permalink: /it-blog-7/
source-id: 1KrDXgijJjBH4PHXfL27rtoh2Wno3xnOIngmtOHqHa1g
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My 7th  I.T. Review Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Having completed Pyglatin</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete Functions and carry on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes by completing functions and getting.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I found the coding quite difficult to understand as there was a lot you needed to do, but understand to know how to answer the question. I found this lesson meant I needed to repetitively read the information to try and apply what they had done in to my own work. In these sections I did find myself asking quite a few questions to help me understand what I needed to do.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I felt that I had stopped trying to work out the answer after not having the solution. This ment I would ask someone a question to lead me the correct way, and if this didn't work I would maybe ask for the solution if I wasn’t sure and try to see where I was going wrong.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I wish to improve my learning by perivering if I am not sure. This is because I felt like I had stopped to soon and should have carried on figuring out how I should do it. Asking questions is fine, but I felt that mine were to soon and I should tried more myself first. Persevering will allow to work harder and understand what is happening because I have answered it on my own. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


