---
title: IT Blog 3
layout: post
author: freddie.till-hosier
permalink: /it-blog-3/
source-id: 1-KL-KmR0eeenLCMfxcGetkE4cQ_TQRYq9p32FO3zSao
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My I.T. Review Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>08/05/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Having nearly completed the first set of exercises.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get over halfway through the second.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I got over halfway through.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During this lesson, I found that I needed to read the information twice to be able to understand what was happening and I could answer the question. On top of this I found that I now began to understand what the question wanted me to know and when there was a last recap I could answer the question. This then meant I would work faster and more efficiently getting more done in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was limited by my concentration which stopped me from working faster than I could have done as well as not remembering where I got to. If my concentration was better I could have been better and got through more questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>for my next lesson I plan to concentrate more by focusing on my work and ignoring what could allow me down. This may improve my understanding of what I have been learning and allow to find out more about python because I will now get further.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

